PolarTicTacToe/PolarTicTacToe/README.md, before:

How to Run:
	1. download client from github: $ git clone https://github.com/fredkneeland/AIObjectiveC.git
	2. Install latest version of Xcode (we have run it on OS X Maverics and Yosemite don't know about earlier versions
	3. open PolarTicTacToe.xcodeproj with xcode and run it natively as OS X app

How to Train Neural Net:


What we did:
	This application is the polar tic-tac-toe game created in objective c for CSCI 446 at Montana State University.  In this program we implemented strict min-max, alpha-beta, and nearest-neighbor search techniques.  We also implemented several different heuristic functions with a basic heuristic, a classifier using a decision tree, and a neural net.  We created a training program for the neural net which used 40 internal nodes and trained on 5 million matches using back propogation to improve to the point of being capable of consistently defeating college students.  

Where it is all at:
	All of the UI is contained inside of the rootViewController files (.h, .m, .xib), The HeuristicFunctions files (.h, .m) contain the 3 different heuristic functions.  The different search methods are inside of the search files (.h, .m).  The training of the neural net takes place inside of the TrainNet files (.h, .m)

Commit message:

Added comments and train net instructions

PolarTicTacToe/PolarTicTacToe/README.md, after:

How to Run:
	1. download client from github: $ git clone https://github.com/fredkneeland/AIObjectiveC.git
	2. Install latest version of Xcode (we have run it on OS X Maverics and Yosemite don't know about earlier versions
	3. open PolarTicTacToe.xcodeproj with xcode and run it natively as OS X app

How to Train Neural Net:
The neural net training is run separately through the command line. Compile TrainNet.m. run the executable with two parameters for your in game alpha and post game alpha. It will run 5,000,000 matches, taking 1 - 3 hours depending on the machine. It will then print out the resulting net.


What we did:
	This application is the polar tic-tac-toe game created in objective c for CSCI 446 at Montana State University.  In this program we implemented strict min-max, alpha-beta, and nearest-neighbor search techniques.  We also implemented several different heuristic functions with a basic heuristic, a classifier using a decision tree, and a neural net.  We created a training program for the neural net which used 40 internal nodes and trained on 5 million matches using back propogation to improve to the point of being capable of consistently defeating college students.  

Where it is all at:
	All of the UI is contained inside of the rootViewController files (.h, .m, .xib), The HeuristicFunctions files (.h, .m) contain the 3 different heuristic functions.  The different search methods are inside of the search files (.h, .m).  The training of the neural net takes place inside of the TrainNet files (.h, .m)
